Documenting preemption toleration annotation for PriorityClasses (#37868)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

to be enabled. The plugin is deprecated since Kubernetes 1.22.
Use [Taints and Tolerations](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) instead.

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority: "10000"`

> This specifies the minimum priority value that can preempt this [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass). It defaults to the PriorityClass's priority value + 1 if not set, which means pods that have a higher priority value can preempt it.

Reviewer: - Is this an annotation or a label?
- What kind of objects is this used on?

Author: - This is an annotaion, you also mentioned it while opening the issue. Should i add something like "This annotation specifies ___" to make it more clear.
- This is used on PriorityClass object, then the PriorityClass object is used for defining pod configuration. So, 
`Used On: PriorityClass` sound accurate to me.

Reviewer: > Should i add something like "This annotation specifies ___" to make it more clear.

Yes

You should add Used On text too; see other entries for an example.

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds: "3600"`

This specifies how long the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) can tolerate preemption

> by priorities lower than `MinimumPreemptablePriority`. It defaults to zero if not set. Zero value means the pod will be preempted immediately. i.e., no toleration at all. If it's set to a positive value, the duration will be honored. If it's set to a negative value, the pod can be tolerated forever - i.e., pods with priority lower than `MinimumPreemptablePriority` won't be able to preempt it. This value affects scheduled pods only (no effect on nominated pods).

Reviewer: - Is this an annotation or a label?
- What kind of objects is this used on?
- (nit) [Avoid using Latin phrases](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-latin-phrases) and their abbreviations

Reviewer: Readers may also wonder what `MinimumPreemptablePriority` is. Can we help people to work that out?

Author: `MinimumPreemptablePriority` is the annotation that is defined just above for PriorityClass, we can link this annotaion here but as it is defined just above so linking it doesn't making much sense to me. What do you think?

Author: > * (nit) [Avoid using Latin phrases](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-latin-phrases) and their abbreviations
ok, i will follow it.

to be enabled. The plugin is deprecated since Kubernetes 1.22.
Use [Taints and Tolerations](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) instead.

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority: "10000"`

Used on: PriorityClass

> This annotation specifies the minimum priority value that can preempt the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass). It defaults to the PriorityClass's priority value +1, means pods that have a higher priority value can preempt it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation specifies the minimum priority value that can preempt the
[PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass).
It defaults to the PriorityClass's priority value +1, meaning that Pods with a higher priority value can preempt it.
```

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds: "3600"`

Used on: PriorityClass

> This annotation specifies how long the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) can tolerate preemption by priorities lower than `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority`. It defaults to value 0, means the pod will be preempted immediately that is, no toleration.If set to a positive value, the duration will be honored. If set to a negative value, the pod can be tolerated forever that is, pods with a priority lower than minimum-preemptable-priority won't be able to preempt. This affects scheduled pods only (no effect on nominated pods).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation specifies how long the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass)
can tolerate preemption by priorities lower than `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority`.
It defaults to "0", meaning that the Pod will be preempted immediately. That is, no toleration.
If set to a positive value, the duration will be honored. If set to a negative value, the Pod can be
tolerated forever. That is, Pods with a priority lower than `minimum-preemptable-priority` won't
be able to preempt. This affects scheduled Pods only (no effect on nominated Pods).
```

Author: PTAL @tengqm

to be enabled. The plugin is deprecated since Kubernetes 1.22.
Use [Taints and Tolerations](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) instead.

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority: "10000"`

Used on: PriorityClass

This annotation specifies the minimum priority value that can preempt the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass). It defaults to the PriorityClass's priority value +1, means pods that have a higher priority value can preempt it.

### preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds

Example: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/toleration-seconds: "3600"`

Used on: PriorityClass

This annotation specifies how long the [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) can tolerate preemption by priorities lower than `MinimumPreemptablePriority`. It defaults to value 0, means the pod will be preempted immediately that is, no toleration. If

> set to a positive value, the duration will be honored. If set to a negative value, the pod can be tolerated forever that is, pods with a priority lower than `MinimumPreemptablePriority` won't be able to preempt. This affects scheduled pods only (no effect on nominated pods).

Reviewer: You should change `MinimumPreemptablePriority` to the actual key of that annotation: `preemption-toleration.scheduling.sigs.k8s.io/minimum-preemptable-priority`. For the second use, the English phrase “minimum preemptable priority“ is fine too.

Author: @sftim Done
